Alexey Afanasiev: To submit tickets, though.
Alexey Afanasiev: Previr paso.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Dude.
Alexey Afanasiev: Is it not to?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, ticket vigil. Yeah, Vigil, no, yeah, I wish you knew.
Alexey Afanasiev: hit the…
Alexey Afanasiev: Okay.
Semeyon S: Alexis.
Semeyon S: sergei nos van, can you put it?
Semeyon S: Dimo was more notor.
Alexey Afanasiev: Very difficult and strategic.
Dan Khasis: Hello.
Dan Khasis: Create.
Dan Khasis: You show me a guitar on the tonight?
Alexey Afanasiev: Oh, duh.
Dan Khasis: opsmotre.
Dan Khasis: na premiere.
Dan Khasis: Pavedenia kaka…
Dan Khasis: The Hoch time zone of… komarto.
Dan Khasis: But don't…
Dan Khasis: Kakawa,
Dan Khasis: il est chevoir, il est… Ely exception of
Dan Khasis: Paganazzi, I niece Razo.
Dan Khasis: Principal.
Dan Khasis: Architectola.
Dan Khasis: Just… front end or shy time zone.
Dan Khasis: Etna prauno.
Dan Khasis: akna.
Dan Khasis: detrimenta.
Dan Khasis: botet.
Dan Khasis: elite requesta.
Dan Khasis: nietz divide.
Dan Khasis: Potomusta… fat client, thin client, fat client.
Semeyon S: Then,
Semeyon S: preview.
Dan Khasis: Classico.
Dan Khasis: Route Wizard, if Classic Route Wizard.
Dan Khasis: wizard no front end, he quoted… Portago Murido.
Dan Khasis: But in March?
Dan Khasis: with the LDA gear coding.
Dan Khasis: Corrosion, like, here, but there's written there.
Dan Khasis: P.NA.
Dan Khasis: Hippo toma…
Dan Khasis: demariosity… So, it shows…
Dan Khasis: perslid.
Dan Khasis: at the, post request.
Dan Khasis: If it was permanent.
Dan Khasis: If Principe only doesn't address… Cocker's watch.
Dan Khasis: kundog.
Dan Khasis: At the Neverna, at the Nivirna.
Vova: location…
Dan Khasis: Vreema, Vareema… Vareem, not the previous year.
Dan Khasis: ni integers. Epotomy integers, poison,
Dan Khasis: Yesenia's a Khazali…
Dan Khasis: time zone, you… Deporte Karzduva, Tore.
Dan Khasis: at the, the…
Dan Khasis: Viesche. Backendozhin.
Dan Khasis: Readed to pretty much, though.
Dan Khasis: Okay, yeah, sure, Shota?
Alexey Afanasiev: And in betwixture.
Igor Golovtsov: puede.
Igor Golovtsov: Belas de la paisordo.
Igor Golovtsov: Wow.
Igor Golovtsov: akbala.
Igor Golovtsov: the yeast?
Igor Golovtsov: Yeah, yeah, I showed you a computer. Okay. Okay, okay, okay.
Dan Khasis: that the,
Dan Khasis: The short notice is,
Dan Khasis: Telematics Gateway.
Dan Khasis: escrats.
Dan Khasis: Narashva at,
Dan Khasis: gateway is gateway, tam wizard vibe right tipo.
Dan Khasis: tip.
Vova: If so, it's about one specific.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: to este…
Dan Khasis: Was vignettes, we don't even know what we did connections to his tip.
Dan Khasis: We would need,
Dan Khasis: Novo Kalonke.
Dan Khasis: DRTPL…
Dan Khasis: Orders, vehicles, Customers, Customer locations, invoices.
Dan Khasis: Itami items. What one pad chased.
Dan Khasis: More budget appropriate steel vehicle, users in a more, in a…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: trips.
Dan Khasis: Trips.
Dan Khasis: No, ja, trips, ja but…
Dan Khasis: let's say, master data management to trips nita Kivojnek, trips at the Borisika… fact table.
Dan Khasis: dimensional tables, dimensional master data tables.
Dan Khasis: at the mid-dimensional table, at the fact table.
Dan Khasis: dimensional data.
Dan Khasis: I don't have to deal with…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yepo. Okay.
Dan Khasis: I've snapshot you, Ramona Picasso at the situation.
Dan Khasis: Stop Picasso Tikusa Shortzyk.
Dan Khasis: Tomorrow's the…
Dan Khasis: He let them a lot.
Dan Khasis: Pirativnavish.
Dan Khasis: tempo.
Dan Khasis: the COVID tip,
Dan Khasis: Kakawa,
Dan Khasis: SLA, SLA Board giveaway, so… Social merger dime stock, it is a cause of chess.
Dan Khasis: This has bullshit, this has merit.
Alexey Afanasiev: Beautiful.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, I do know crowd, karate crowd.
Alexey Afanasiev: The way it should be strategic when we design it.
Alexey Afanasiev: No, no, the version issues.
Vova: I didn't see…
Alexey Afanasiev: They took it.
Vova: It's always nice to meet you.
Alexey Afanasiev: I lost some goodie.
Alexey Afanasiev: Gilpo sares.
Igor Golovtsov: Hmm.
Dan Khasis: Guck at the.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: It was a process of.
Dan Khasis: venais.
Dan Khasis: Staten budget.
Dan Khasis: 1-800 flowers.
Dan Khasis: putt.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: ripping on the bus.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Nope.
Dan Khasis: developer, AI team, but the most… yes, the piece of it had a pair response code, but the most,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, Dan Vaprostakoi a Pilpratirovka, tank kita, vice versa.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: a citas.
Dan Khasis: The communion made Colonco a failed success.
Dan Khasis: In the community response cadminium.
Dan Khasis: Initiative business now, deficitivna… It's a process.
Dan Khasis: invoice and point of SAP.
Dan Khasis: Fingerprint.
Dan Khasis: Bob descoestringa.
Dan Khasis: Status quo, the integer Torah, you tell me a little bit why integer.
Dan Khasis: IP addressosure.
Dan Khasis: requested yod.
Dan Khasis: nos nos cacta.
Dan Khasis: Muchit Ilya abused it.
Dan Khasis: Et pourdain…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: mediele, label codo cotre enunciest.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: udit.
Dan Khasis: IP address, URU.
Dan Khasis: Edit. IP address URL is status quo.
Dan Khasis: to work Cloudflare that created request here.
Dan Khasis: The video show.
Dan Khasis: teni poluccio.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: at the.
Dan Khasis: man.
Dan Khasis: is a quarter.
Dan Khasis: Toast response code.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: i smotriatt.
Dan Khasis: You register it, and you view it payload, and request header, response header, response payload, request payload.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, la pizza, caution.
Alexey Afanasiev: It was strategic.
Alexey Afanasiev: Good poshetish.
Igor Golovtsov: Joe?
Igor Golovtsov: Mozambukazovic.
Dan Khasis: customer notification history.
Dan Khasis: Bourgeois.
Artur Moskalenko: natification.
Dan Khasis: die.
Artur Moskalenko: Identification history, yep.
Artur Moskalenko: Go to a conference material.
Dan Khasis: me postavio.
Dan Khasis: Notification history to that.
Dan Khasis: Bistro.
Dan Khasis: We've got the lower menu.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: databasedala.
Dan Khasis: if Samu… Samo Paslenia watchded, At the, traded up here.
Dan Khasis: No residuque.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Y periodo.
Dan Khasis: Yeah.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Oh, is it…
Dan Khasis: problemo, okay.
Dan Khasis: Dasha Karma.
Vova: Of social coming out.
Dan Khasis: Nichoni permanales.orov.
Dan Khasis: nause clientev.
Dan Khasis: Cheers.
Dan Khasis: do zum.
Artur Moskalenko: Then, in a production, in a staging gear, a notification history used to be, hitz.
Artur Moskalenko: Expert History.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, Boynell, at Nebrane, Boynell, Passimba.
Dan Khasis: Kundo.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: no mesta.
Dan Khasis: Dad.
Dan Khasis: That is valid.
Igor Golovtsov: abrezo no eversio.
Igor Golovtsov: Is Adnavo cliente, ili is para clientele.
Dan Khasis: No, an apology, unfortunately.
Semeyon S: is pizza Wholesales.
Semeyon S: baid.
Igor Golovtsov: Okay.
Igor Golovtsov: wizard.
Igor Golovtsov: Is this route's consistency builds above them?
Igor Golovtsov: No one is showing you.
Igor Golovtsov: bravochie.
Igor Golovtsov: So it is after I've been at no stage.
Igor Golovtsov: Problem!
Igor Golovtsov: Idiot.
Igor Golovtsov: was more than likely.
Semeyon S: Elishni.
Igor Golovtsov: No, I understand.
Igor Golovtsov: No, on a yearly, yearly with Naples also.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, he chose, because I didn't show his text to Patney Prinely, what…
Igor Golovtsov: Hello.
Igor Golovtsov: Isn't talk.
Igor Golovtsov: No, okay, no problem, first.
Dan Khasis: Yes, you've asked it, you don't push or update it, but you move away… But you're moving.
Semeyon S: You gotta go, buddy.
Igor Golovtsov: progress pasoit.
Semeyon S: Cook what else?
Dan Khasis: Sure.
Semeyon S: What, leh.
Dan Khasis: Nachal put pieces in the bunk, his key shot.
Dan Khasis: percent.
Vova: So, the shareholder.
Vova: So to share.
Dan Khasis: I can't get the… I can't get the slobo.
Vova: Cosmetical.
Vova: I'm capable of designing a repetitive image, right?
Vova: Yeah, touching at this.
Semeyon S: E vo tambien You must love that progress.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, it's a license to the voicemail. It's because I did the Rouge, so… I didn't matter that,
Dan Khasis: Sea TV issue.
Dan Khasis: Yeah. I didn't scenario.
Dan Khasis: osteidt Even when we crossed the bill.
Vova: Jourd Peno.
Dan Khasis: Problem tonstra.
Dan Khasis: Rukami.
Dan Khasis: Yes, Simeon appears to come back in 10 minutes.
Dan Khasis: Doja.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: When I was sick, bombed you.
Igor Golovtsov: Does this picture last in a symbol post-decipitoe.
Igor Golovtsov: attitudin.
Igor Golovtsov: Protent.
Dan Khasis: Yagavadu.
Dan Khasis: Question?
Igor Golovtsov: Dear.
Dan Khasis: What's your advertisement?
Dan Khasis: Nian symbol due a torcha.
Dan Khasis: Sotay, saute.
Igor Golovtsov: There's blood… we don't blood.
Semeyon S: Kakada hit the bullet.
Semeyon S: Okay, paprais nosotte, okay?
Dan Khasis: Privitna.
Igor Golovtsov: Literally.
Semeyon S: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Igor Golovtsov: praten.
Vova: E.
Semeyon S: nich… os.
Semeyon S: Zanrautos.
Dan Khasis: Let's shut that door.
Semeyon S: Okay, bad problem, what if, sorry, to you, Mr?
Dan Khasis: That, no, they're going punked.
Dan Khasis: Urslovna summary.
Vova: Yeah, crypto of Picassover design, the summary.
Igor Golovtsov: Well, good.
Dan Khasis: Ew.
Igor Golovtsov: Yeah, just letting them.
Dan Khasis: We obediter store…
Dan Khasis: premiere.
Dan Khasis: Es nullado.
Dan Khasis: The chinaim says top percent of store… store% of… Routed.
Dan Khasis: We'll just dish it someday.
Dan Khasis: Cincinnari.
Dan Khasis: Routed… with unrouted technology.
Dan Khasis: Kruit.
Dan Khasis: Malinkum machino.
Dan Khasis: Prezvo detail.
Dan Khasis: Educer.
Dan Khasis: But I'm not… it's a pair of Policy, it's,
Dan Khasis: DSH medium.
Dan Khasis: What can be notoric is this.
Dan Khasis: Well, now let's go get the blue chayed so…
Dan Khasis: Could be Nazi.
Dan Khasis: At the new factorial, at the…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, they're bombed, not deploying it.
Igor Golovtsov: That's true.
Alexey Afanasiev: Is… is there?
Alexey Afanasiev: season for…
Vova: Daniels is close to 393, David.
Igor Golovtsov: Yes, this neutrino 3 is just 2.
Alexey Afanasiev: delete pour.
Dan Khasis: No, it's a debt to you.
Dan Khasis: Yakuchu…
Dan Khasis: sineh.
Dan Khasis: He had a perfectly chill.
Dan Khasis: sonare.
Dan Khasis: Shonas time matrix.
Dan Khasis: A distant matrix, les cache.
Dan Khasis: iene.
Dan Khasis: metilizaz.
Dan Khasis: nigger.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: done on historic issues about direction.
Dan Khasis: direction, or direction yesterday.com.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: time-consuming.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, I choose Khazadr Gouvez, Mariah.
Dan Khasis: distance and time matrix.
Dan Khasis: We just have avoided… distance matrix to call it epoch the…
Dan Khasis: was bought… bad directions boot.
Dan Khasis: It's been abu directions.
Dan Khasis: These are not separate directions.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: solvo.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: What?
Dan Khasis: the actions, as you said, yes, they may…
Dan Khasis: Yes, you're not fixative on the cholesterol location of scalum, and it's not a tissue.
Dan Khasis: distance matrix.
Dan Khasis: Minos a dime.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Svatri,
Dan Khasis: is minus N.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Voi… line.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Well, they did, like, It… Yeah, esto brasant.
Dan Khasis: It's another…
Dan Khasis: I bought tom…
Dan Khasis: parameter routing profile at the Matesojabispelzna.
Dan Khasis: No, no routing profile.
Dan Khasis: location to quite a, Nabare.
Dan Khasis: They get the issue resolved?
Dan Khasis: New York, you treat these others off.
Dan Khasis: They should resolve.
Dan Khasis: Town of California.
Dan Khasis: Dietzed yourself?
Dan Khasis: There's both mattresses, there's both methods, it's eligible with Martinsa.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: I got the cluster resolve with you.
Dan Khasis: Okay, it's Nami Parker said it, more with the LIT Strategic Presentation.
Dan Khasis: Pangliske.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, there's a dozen with dollar, yeah?
Dan Khasis: Barker, we're gonna switch to English, so you can…
Dan Khasis: So we can stop… we're gonna stop speaking Sputnik.
Parker Woodward: I've been following perfectly, I don't know what you're talking about.
Dan Khasis: I didn't say you haven't, I'm just saying we're switching to English.
Parker Woodward: Data reuse, storage trade-off, caching keys.
Dan Khasis: You're probably listening to some Universal Translator?
Parker Woodward: It's not very good.
Parker Woodward: It's not bad, but… Hard to follow.
Dan Khasis: Does it actually work?
Parker Woodward: Works pretty well.
Parker Woodward: I mean…
Parker Woodward: let's see… it's not… basically asked to summarize, and it's like you were talking about, you know, scenario explosions, adding visit frequency, weekends, extra staff…
Parker Woodward: you know, each scenario runs in seconds, many can run in parallel, biggest cost is external directions, API calls, data reuse, there's that, storage trade-off, storing full matrices, polylines, space heavy.
Parker Woodward: Let me see…
Dan Khasis: With the AI stuff, you got… you just do some corporate espionage, you just reverse engineer the…
Dan Khasis: It sounds… I'll… With the way that it was… it summarized everything we talked about, it's interesting, because…
Dan Khasis: This is what Simone talks about, what he's using this AI stuff for, is that these calls have…
Dan Khasis: A treasure trove of information.
Dan Khasis: that,
Dan Khasis: That we're… that people who listen will see and learn a lot of good shit, for lack of a better word.
Parker Woodward: Yeah, a lot of that is,
Parker Woodward: knowledge and wisdom locked up, right? So it's cataloging it and then being able to interact with it. Like, I could see, for example, Dan, like, even cataloging a lot of that
Parker Woodward: in our support portal, like, and feeding it into, like, a Delphi. I don't know if you've looked at them, but it enables people to kind of have their own chats with it, so…
Parker Woodward: I know people want access to you and your brain, right? And, like, there's only so much you can scale, but if you can feed it and train these things, people can interact with them.
Parker Woodward: So, we can recreate, you know, an aggregate routing expert, to answer potentially complex questions and ta- you know.
Parker Woodward: Other things, so there's a lot we could do with it.
Parker Woodward: Just even from a support perspective.
Parker Woodward: But… sales.
Parker Woodward: There's a lot.
Dan Khasis: So, what's next on our presentation?
Igor Golovtsov: About, one moment about, measurements. So we can add dollar, but it works only for US and maybe Canada customers.
Dan Khasis: Thought we have the locale selection, don't we?
Igor Golovtsov: Hmm…
Dan Khasis: In the account settings, in the session.
Vova: Wait, if you also miss any measurement we need. Is it cubic meters or cubic feet?
Semeyon S: Yes, we have, but we have an old problem, when these, parameters are just on integers, abstract integers.
Semeyon S: and the solver does not… does know nothing about, actual inches, matters, etc. We can add it to the UI, without recalculation, just as an, as a…
Semeyon S: cosmetic thing.
Vova: measure it.
Semeyon S: accumulation.
Vova: trucks in, feeds, and then we are measuring load of this truck in abstract units. So this is kind of strange. It will…
Semeyon S: It is… it is, it's how it works right now. That's it.
Vova: This is wrong.
Semeyon S: For Solver, it doesn't matter.
Semeyon S: Which measurements it is.
Vova: Yes, but it should be the same. Unless it is the same, it is not meaningful.
Vova: But if it is different, then might our optimization engine produce unusable routes?
Dan Khasis: The problem is that we have the locale information, the session, and the account settings. We need to output it. We have the data, it's in the session. If you click here, it tells you miles and miles per gallon.
Semeyon S: Well, we can't… we can…
Igor Golovtsov: Yeah, Bob.
Dan Khasis: these things, but without… But this is all wrong in general. This is wrong, too, really. It's supposed to be…
Vova: That's your concern.
Semeyon S: measure.
Dan Khasis: You're supposed to pick your ISO code. You're supposed to pick your ISO code or locale?
Dan Khasis: That was it.
Dan Khasis: Then it… we pick it based on all that.
Igor Golovtsov: I disagree, because locale, show…
Igor Golovtsov: In the US, it's mild, and…
Igor Golovtsov: parallel system, but in Canada, it's metric system. So, local, the same English.
Dan Khasis: No, I'm… no, no, no, you… the units… the unit's locale is different from the language. I'm not saying that.
Igor Golovtsov: I see, okay, okay, okay, I see.
Dan Khasis: The language does not change.
Igor Golovtsov: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see, okay.
Igor Golovtsov: Okay.
Semeyon S: We will add these parameters just for rendering.
Semeyon S: And this, setting space also must be changed, of course.
Semeyon S: Because it's quite old, and it doesn't make any sense.
Igor Golovtsov: So, filters.
Igor Golovtsov: was added in the main page, with fixes from, Sahi and, Dimitri…
Igor Golovtsov: I'm not sure what they did.
Semeyon S: We did a bunch of updates and bug fixes for those filters.
Semeyon S: Since, last call.
Semeyon S: I think you should, show briefly filters for routes and,
Igor Golovtsov: Oh, shit.
Semeyon S: as well.
Igor Golovtsov: Okay.
Igor Golovtsov: Crowdfilters…
Dan Khasis: Be them, Parker?
Parker Woodward: Yeah, I'm here, what?
Dan Khasis: See the filters?
Semeyon S: Yeah, it would be nice to hear from you any feedback.
Semeyon S: for UI, maybe important filters, or whatever important you think.
Vova: I saw inconsistency here, this two metrics looks nice and correct, but in a level above, it was named differently, and it was confusing.
Dan Khasis: Somebody changed it.
Dan Khasis: This is the company standard. Somebody decided…
Dan Khasis: In some screens, I saw them ride the full… the full length.
Vova: No, it was saying delta, delta distance, or delta time.
Vova: Instead of between, and we,
Vova: I believe we are saying destinations, not stops.
Dan Khasis: I don't understand. If you want to show it, show it. If not, let's move on. Let's take a look.
Igor Golovtsov: What was it?
Igor Golovtsov: There it says, box data.
Semeyon S: This map, doesn't have an end, backend endpoint yet, but, the scenarios page, in the location tab, it already uses live,
Semeyon S: backend endpoint for staging. Igor, can you show it to…
Igor Golovtsov: What I need to show? Can you repeat, please?
Semeyon S: Can you go on the, higher level?
Semeyon S: To actual, list of scenarios for that… for that optimization.
Igor Golovtsov: This one?
Semeyon S: Yeah, click on locations.
Semeyon S: And, activate map, please.
Semeyon S: Yeah.
Semeyon S: So… It, it already uses the backend, endpoint.
Semeyon S: Please click and show the, layers.
Semeyon S: Yeah.
Semeyon S: And… Clusters… Heatmap.
Semeyon S: And standard, layers.
Dan Khasis: So we also added weather.
Dan Khasis: You see the weather layer? It's back in, though.
Semeyon S: Can you click on the weather, actually?
Dan Khasis: Yeah, the only thing I want to provide feedback for the next release, you need to add another arrow here.
Dan Khasis: You gotta pick a date and a time picker.
Semeyon S: In the West, or in the future.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, because you want to see what the weather's gonna be like in the past or the future, you can't.
Dan Khasis: Hmm.
Dan Khasis: Otherwise.
Semeyon S: I'll win… True, we have the similar idea, but yeah, we need to implement it the sub.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: Let me see if David…
Vova: We will implement a small timeline beneath this map. If the layer is enabled, then you will see a timeline that matches this range of this optimization.
Vova: And you will be able to scroll through the dates of these scenarios.
Dan Khasis: No, these are not scenarios, these are locations.
Vova: Yeah, but this… but all this strategic optimization, it is planned for some period of time. When we know this period of time, we can show a timeline to scroll weather through this period.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, correct, great idea. I want to bring something up. We need a preview
Dan Khasis: We need a preview of the date picker. You know why? Because… go back to scenarios for a second.
Dan Khasis: when you're going and looking at a scenario, you basically want to preview it starting from a specific time, right? I know you did a two-week cycle.
Dan Khasis: you need to be able to start looking at it from a specific date. So if this is the date.
Vova: Then…
Dan Khasis: then let's just pretend that this is correct. Let's say this is the date. We're missing a filter, by the way, on start date.
Dan Khasis: That's the… that's… I'm not saying it's a huge problem, but it is a problem. We should definitely… I don't… this is the wrong section, too. The wrong header title.
Dan Khasis: I feel like this should be called schedule, not route.
Semeyon S: Okay.
Dan Khasis: But, anyway, here's the thing.
Dan Khasis: You already have the date, Simone, so technically, when you look at the weather, you could pass the date as an argument already.
Dan Khasis: One thing we should put in… we could add it in a month, we don't have to add it right now.
Dan Khasis: in the scenario planner, You know, we have the rules in the regular route optimization profile, is that it…
Dan Khasis: If it's raining, if it's snowing, if it's colder, we can slow down the service time.
Dan Khasis: So if, in future dates, we really should be slowing down the service time, based on…
Dan Khasis: Some of these things.
Dan Khasis: Does that make sense?
Semeyon S: Yes.
Dan Khasis: Because you know the weather on the day, because the scheduler's telling you what day it's gonna be on.
Dan Khasis: So if you know the weather, then you gotta slow down the service time, and the travel time.
Semeyon S: so, you mean on the, on the step when we are creating actual scenarios?
Semeyon S: So, when we're picking, the dates, we can grab actual weather, I forgot the word. We can grab weather for the future and apply slowdown.
Semeyon S: Percentages.
Semeyon S: Yeah, but that's what they can fix.
Dan Khasis: I don't know if they enabled it, but yeah.
Semeyon S: And, of course, we need two filters for slowdowns here.
Semeyon S: For analysis.
Dan Khasis: Yeah.
Semeyon S: Maybe with weather flex.
Dan Khasis: I've been a monster.
Dan Khasis: But…
Dan Khasis: Can you go back to the map?
Igor Golovtsov: Crystal one.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, this one. Kuna, parker, what do you think? What are we missing in metrics?
Dan Khasis: If anything.
Parker Woodward: Is it possible to show, like.
Parker Woodward: Or to filter by route names. Like, what's not clear to me is…
Parker Woodward: like, what weeks these are running to say, okay, well, sure, I see it on the map, but I don't understand necessarily really quickly which ones are which.
Dan Khasis: That's a good point. So…
Dan Khasis: We gotta output either another… a list of routes here, like a helper list of routes.
Semeyon S: Oh…
Dan Khasis: And maybe, when you, when you highlight them.
Dan Khasis: you could… it'll show you the one, or with a little eye icon, Or on Hover.
Semeyon S: I agree. Also, VOWA already draw, a small calendar for such view, on the bot… which will be located on the bottom of this map.
Semeyon S: So we can, pick actual, date and week to filter out, and it will be…
Semeyon S: way easier than drop-down filter, I think.
Dan Khasis: I feel… okay, you're… we're talking two unrelated things, but one, I feel like I've always seen calendars in, like, the top left or the top right.
Dan Khasis: So we could potentially…
Dan Khasis: make a new separator here, put the calendar here, and then put the routes list here. And then when they click on a date, the routes list change automatically, and then the map updates, and then you solve through all the problems simultaneously.
Semeyon S: Yeah.
Vova: I like it.
Semeyon S: Thank you.
Vova: I will draw it.
Semeyon S: And there will be all the information.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, and then we can add tooltips as well. We will add tooltips. Of course. Obviously. Of course.
Semeyon S: Of course.
Parker Woodward: One thing that's not output is, like, the actual scenario settings. Like, it's…
Parker Woodward: Very helpful if you can see what the actual settings were.
Vova: It will be here. It will be…
Vova: up, and it says Applied Settings.
Parker Woodward: Okay.
Semeyon S: It's, in progress. Right now, maybe, one of the developers will show us some intermediate results.
Semeyon S: Because I saw… It's already yesterday on the call with developers.
Parker Woodward: Okay.
Igor Golovtsov: Which one?
Igor Golovtsov: Bish you the world.
Semeyon S: Sorry? Monarch.
Igor Golovtsov: Excellent.
Igor Golovtsov: Okay.
Semeyon S: Manar, can you show us, briefly, apply setting stop?
Manar Kurmanov: Yeah, okay.
Manar Kurmanov: One minute, please?
Manar Kurmanov: Oops, slotting.
Manar Kurmanov: I'm not sure.
Manar Kurmanov: I was just doing some…
Semeyon S: It's your local dev environment, or staging?
Manar Kurmanov: It's dev environment, and I was, like, Fixing it, so maybe what… A few minutes.
Semeyon S: Maybe you will show us in a few minutes when you're ready.
Manar Kurmanov: Yeah.
Semeyon S: Okay.
Manar Kurmanov: Okay.
Vova: I have one thing to discuss about strategic plan.
Semeyon S: Vova, give me a moment. Igor, Alexei, we… we show everything which we could for.
Igor Golovtsov: Yes.
Semeyon S: AJ.
Semeyon S: Okay, if.
Manar Kurmanov: Like, a minute, okay?
Semeyon S: Okay, good.
Semeyon S: I think Volvo can show us until we're waiting for him now.
Vova: Okay, so, after last week's discussion, I realized that we are missing one more entity here.
Vova: Which is… we named it Route Set. So, a route set is a…
Vova: subset of locations that are gonna be visited by the same person, and it is this set of routes that are gonna be planned for this, cluster of locations. And, as I understood.
Vova: Most of customers want same people to visit the same locations always, and not allowed to visit,
Vova: by others. So we need to, explicitly shows these clusters.
Vova: So we put routes, plant routes together into sets, that will be executed by the same person.
Vova: So we added a route set list.
Vova: Where you can see, the… geographically, how many routes in each set, how many locations in each set, and a few…
Vova: Quality metrics of each route set.
Vova: What do you think?
Parker Woodward: I understand it after you explained it. It's not immediately clear to me that this is, like, week-to-week routes. So, the one column that you have with 20 routes, I understand that it's a route set, and there's 20 routes in there. It's not… doesn't feel that clear to me.
Dan Khasis: I don't… this isn't… I think that this is a totally different topic, and I don't think that it's related to Strategic Planner. We explained last week that
Dan Khasis: how to calculate if it's the same route week over week. The problem was that in one week, the algorithm is calling Route 1,
Dan Khasis: With the same 10 stops, it's going at Route 1, but then in the second week, it's going at Route 7, and it's the exact same 10 stops.
Vova: And you'd…
Dan Khasis: That was the problem. This does not solve that.
Vova: any way to see how these routes 1 and Routes 7 are related, but they'd be… We do have a way, I explained it. I spent an hour explaining it last time. Yes.
Vova: from UI, we don't show it, anyway.
Dan Khasis: This is a totally separate thing. This is a totally separate thing, it's not related to what we're trying to solve. It needs to be done, but this is a totally separate thing.
Vova: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: This is… this is the territory planning.
Dan Khasis: This is automated territory planning.
Vova: No, no.
Dan Khasis: Which…
Vova: This is basically just grouping of these related routes together. So, these route sets are grouped routes by the principle that they are meant to be executed by the same person.
Dan Khasis: This is a very complicated topic that cannot be discussed right now. It's just… this is not…
Dan Khasis: This is just… I don't want to say anything except that it's too complicated to discuss right now.
Dan Khasis: I will say that the strategic scenario planner that we have
Dan Khasis: Igor, it needs to be able to do…
Dan Khasis: The same thing that you guys generate with the clusterization algorithm during the smart zones that you generate.
Dan Khasis: We need to be able to put…
Dan Khasis: imagine you have Geotab, or Samsara, or some ERP system, or some SAP, whatever.
Dan Khasis: And from all these systems, you get your orders, And your customer locations.
Dan Khasis: And what we need to do is we need to take any number of orders, 100,000, a million, doesn't matter.
Dan Khasis: It goes into that system… the clusterization engine, and it generates the smart zones, and the smart zones get stored to territories.
Dan Khasis: With a different status code, which is basically a territory simulation.
Dan Khasis: It's basically a copy of the Strategic Optimization Wizard, but rather than doing the route planning mode, you're doing territory planning mode.
Dan Khasis: And this is closer to what was drew, is that territory planning mode.
Dan Khasis: Where we're proposing ideas for territories, and then in the scenarios, you're putting no more than $100,000 per territory, no more than…
Dan Khasis: 50,000 stops for territory, and no more than…
Dan Khasis: 25 miles between stops, that goes into smart zones. Smart Zones generates the ideas, and then it shows almost the same
Dan Khasis: as this…
Dan Khasis: But based on your historical order data, or your customers. This is a… this is an interesting topic, but it's not… it's a totally unrelated topic.
Vova: Let me put it in another perspective. So, here is a routes list, and now it has a grouping by route set, so you can see which routes belong to the same person.
Vova: and so this routes.
Dan Khasis: There's no concept of routes that belong to the same person. You invented this concept.
Vova: But as far as I understand, customers want to visit. So, the same person visits the same set of customers every time. So, these routes belong to each… are related to each other, because they share the same set of locations.
Vova: And these routes meant to be executed by the same person for this reason, because they share the same set of destinations.
Vova: And we are missing a grouping on this principle.
Vova: By this criteria.
Dan Khasis: We talked about that, and that… and it's not what you visualized. What you showed, and what you're showing now, is two totally different things.
Dan Khasis: It's very different concepts.
Vova: So, these are just a grouping, for routes that are related to each other, because they share the same set of locations.
Dan Khasis: Exactly, and I'm saying that it's a totally separate thing. I'm not saying it's bad, I'm saying that it's actually… it's correct, but it's just totally separate.
Semeyon S: Okay, let…
Dan Khasis: We know, we know, we know that we need… that, what do you call it?
Dan Khasis: That mode, we know we need that mode. Hold on a second, I gotta… give me one second, sorry.
Semeyon S: Meanwhile, let Manar… Share his screen.
Manar Kurmanov: Hello, everybody, again.
Manar Kurmanov: Let me demonstrate.
Manar Kurmanov: So, as you can see, I added a new tab called Apply Settings. It's closed by the feature flag, so…
Manar Kurmanov: We can close it anywhere, anytime we want.
Manar Kurmanov: It has a few, settings that we have right now. It's general, schedule, and optimization.
Manar Kurmanov: Like, tabs, or sync.
Manar Kurmanov: Everything is from the scenario, and… I guess… There will be more.
Manar Kurmanov: Because, as always, as I saw in design, it should be more about data.
Manar Kurmanov: We'll add that later.
Manar Kurmanov: Right now, we have only 3 tabs, but… So yeah, quite… Well, describable.
Semeyon S: Why earliest roads start and latest road start at the same time?
Manar Kurmanov: Well, I don't know.
Semeyon S: Are you…
Manar Kurmanov: I'm using the backend, so…
Semeyon S: It's worth.
Semeyon S: We'll check.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Actually, actually, actually, it's possible, but it's worth, because in the solver or in the API, it's just start time, it's 6 AM.
Manar Kurmanov: Yeah. Maybe it's data like that, it's on the local machine, but I'm using the staging APIs.
Manar Kurmanov: Maybe that we have no three scenarios.
Semeyon S: That weekend.
Semeyon S: Time zone also is not formatted,
Manar Kurmanov: Yeah.
Semeyon S: User-friendly yet.
Semeyon S: Yeah, the time zone.
Manar Kurmanov: Pull request is already merged.
Parker Woodward: I have to drop for another.
Manar Kurmanov: I didn't.
Manar Kurmanov: Okay.
Manar Kurmanov: Have a good day.
Parker Woodward: Thanks, Ken.
Manar Kurmanov: We have a time zone utilities, but they're in different pull requests, and they just merged it, so I will.
Dan Khasis: It's fine, it's fine. Look, the main thing… Yeah, Vova… Volvo…
Dan Khasis: the… here's the confusing part, that I'm trying… that… when you have a route, and you have the route, and it's the same guy.
Dan Khasis: And he's doing different? He has 5 days a week that he works, or 4 days a week that he works, and he does the same…
Dan Khasis: On the fourth… On the fourth week, he does fourth stuff, on the second week, he does stuff.
Dan Khasis: And that what happens is, They,
Dan Khasis: The system needs to provide an opinion.
Dan Khasis: About, okay, these are the same routes that… from week to week.
Dan Khasis: And then…
Vova: They may not be the same. They may be not the same completely. They may be similar, pretty similar, but they're meant to be visited by the same person. They're meant to be assigned to the same person.
Dan Khasis: How's the system gonna know that?
Vova: Because, those rows share the same set of locations.
Dan Khasis: No, you just…
Vova: First of all.
Dan Khasis: They're not the same, you just said they're…
Manar Kurmanov: Let's try this one.
Dan Khasis: No, take your… this is also any… Hey, so I knew…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, I just need.
Vova: of optimism.
Vova: It's… .
Dan Khasis: You die, e.
Vova: to share the location, I think that would be in terms of Chilevi account.
Dan Khasis: niet.
Dan Khasis: I'm not real.
Dan Khasis: The AT customer, the AT Austinovka.
Dan Khasis: No, repeat the…
Dan Khasis: Poneto.
Vova: Optimization Engine.
Dan Khasis: I'm listening to football.
Dan Khasis: Have you Shannon yet?
Dan Khasis: Optimization engine, daily, social…
Dan Khasis: Yeah.
David Palle: Dan, this is stable.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, good, yep, yep, yep.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, good communication with Tim.
Dan Khasis: Hey, you're… you're on one.
Alexey Afanasiev: As you can see, that was snapshot percussion facility.
Semeyon S: The…
Alexey Afanasiev: Monarch.
Semeyon S: call, Alexei, David on the call.
Alexey Afanasiev: Oh, sure.
Semeyon S: English.
Alexey Afanasiev: Hmm… Manor, maybe we will show, time zone component.
Alexey Afanasiev: It's radiant.
Manar Kurmanov: Yeah, it's a little.
Alexey Afanasiev: Let's do it. Let's do it.
Manar Kurmanov: What is it, man.
Manar Kurmanov: One sec…
Manar Kurmanov: It's pretty simple.
Alexey Afanasiev: I'm not following design, but…
Manar Kurmanov: We will… Eventually.
Manar Kurmanov: Something like here.
Manar Kurmanov: It's used autocomplete, so you can search.
Manar Kurmanov: Corp.
Manar Kurmanov: Any time zone you want.
Manar Kurmanov: It saves, the latest Time zones you used.
Manar Kurmanov: So, they store it in the local storage.
Manar Kurmanov: So, on the browser.
Alexey Afanasiev: And we will delete some countries, yeah?
Manar Kurmanov: Already deleted, some.
Alexey Afanasiev: Mrs.
Manar Kurmanov: There's no something like Russia or North Korea or something like that.
Manar Kurmanov: Removed them already.
Vova: Aren't this time zone is related to upload data, not due to scenario, because we are setting it on scenario level, so you can pick different time zones for different scenarios. This is kind of wrong. I believe it should be set on…
Vova: While you're mapping data.
Vova: So, you are explaining in which time zone Data East.
Manar Kurmanov: Hmm…
Vova: Because you uploaded the file.
Vova: And, it is not obvious in which time zone… time in that file was.
David Palle: Yes, I think what you're saying, Boba, is that
David Palle: Rather than having a generic time zone, the time zone for the locations and the time zone for the facilities are what matter.
Manar Kurmanov: Well, I can add that.
Semeyon S: Where are you talking about?
Manar Kurmanov: released time.
Semeyon S: All available time zones.
Manar Kurmanov: Well, according to our.
Vova: I'm not seeing any benefit in allowing to pick different land zones for different scenarios. Can you… give a pause a little bit? Manar…
Semeyon S: Shows only new component for choosing time zones.
Vova: Come.
Semeyon S: His work doesn't relate to what you're talking about right now.
Vova: Yeah.
David Palle: Wouldn't.
Semeyon S: talked about time zones with Dan a few hours ago. People are working hard on this task.
Semeyon S: This is the reason why they are not on that call right now. Let's not waste anybody's time, okay?
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Vova: David, because this is a waste of time, okay.
Dan Khasis: Hours talking about it.
Dan Khasis: Me and Igor, we spend 10 hours on time zones. That's why we don't need to talk about it more, because they already know what we're doing.
David Palle: Makes sense, yep, makes sense.
Dan Khasis: There's a time zone picker now, is the point, is the…
Dan Khasis: That's the main, the main.
David Palle: This is nice. It's good.
Manar Kurmanov: It will be better.
Manar Kurmanov: We have a new design.
Dan Khasis: The big picture, the big picture, David, is that the customer will pick
Dan Khasis: How they want to do the time zone, so…
Dan Khasis: They want to do it off of the depot, they could do it off of the facility, they could do it off of their account's primary zone, they could do it…
Dan Khasis: Based on a variety of different things.
David Palle: Makes sense, okay?
Manar Kurmanov: Okay.
Dan Khasis: That's it.
Manar Kurmanov: down here.
Dan Khasis: There's no… there's no good answer. The biggest… Volvo, you want to help with the time zones?
Dan Khasis: Please come up with a design for the timeline.
Dan Khasis: where…
Dan Khasis: where they could pick the time zone. There's gonna be… the time… the time zone has to change in the timeline with a drop-down. They have to pick
Dan Khasis: They have to pick how they want to see the Gantt chart, the time zone of the Gantt chart. They could pick the browser's computer time, they could pick…
Dan Khasis: each… they could pick UT, any arbitrary time zone, or they could pick…
Dan Khasis: Show everything in its own time zone, and then every route…
Dan Khasis: And the timeline will have its own offset, so it has to be done Very clean.
Dan Khasis: And the easiest, the first thing to do is…
Dan Khasis: to let them pick. They have to pick,
Dan Khasis: what they want to see on the Gantt chart.
Vova: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: And…
Vova: Okay, I'll provide them some ideas.
Dan Khasis: Okay, can you… Igor or Manar, can you quickly show David the…
Dan Khasis: really quickly, the weather stuff, and also the, he was tied up on an important customer call. The weather stuff and the, the preview of the route map, so he could give us some ideas of what we might be missing.
Semeyon S: It's better to ask Evgeny to show, because he's the main developer for…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, maybe, yeah, that's fine, I thought it was the other guys, no problem. Whoever wants to show it can show it.
Eugene: Do you see my screen now?
Semeyon S: Yes.
Dan Khasis: So look, David, so I'll walk you through it quickly, just since I'll talk faster than English.
Dan Khasis: This is a preview of the route, so every route that's gonna be on that day is gonna be here. We're gonna add another table to the left, it's gonna have the list of the routes, and the calendar picker on top of that. They wanted to jump to another date.
Dan Khasis: But basically, it's gonna… this is how it's gonna show up over here.
Dan Khasis: Okay?
Dan Khasis: So that's… we're getting closer. We're getting closer to what we talked about. So this'll be up in the next few couple days, probably.
David Palle: Nice, okay.
Dan Khasis: If you want to take a screenshot of this, please do, David, because.
David Palle: Yeah, just grab one really quickly, yeah.
Dan Khasis: The reason I'm asking is because we might be missing some metrics that we're not… we don't know about, or that… because they're rushing to do it, and so if you have some ideas on certain KPIs.
Dan Khasis: Okay, I'm gonna fast-forward and say 3 or 6 months from now, the customer's gonna be able to select the KPI they want to see.
Dan Khasis: But if we're talking about 3 to 6 days from now, we gotta just pick the top 10 KPIs that we think are applicable to everybody.
David Palle: Yep.
David Palle: Makes sense.
Dan Khasis: So… The second thing is that we have a new weather layer.
Dan Khasis: It's gonna… it's gonna be enabled everywhere, including here.
Dan Khasis: And then based… you notice that there's a route start date, so then based on the route start date.
Dan Khasis: the weather conditions will change on the map. We use it from our weather vendor.
Dan Khasis: See, see, it says…
David Palle: Yeah, yeah.
Dan Khasis: So, I remember you had a cus… you mentioned that some customers, this is really important for them.
David Palle: Yeah, that's really nice.
Dan Khasis: And then we had…
David Palle: And this is forecasting it for the day, or for the time that they're gonna be there?
Dan Khasis: Yeah, the day and the time and the place.
David Palle: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, so it's specific to that location for the time that they're at the location, okay.
Dan Khasis: So, the next step is then to incorporate this into the routing profile so that…
Dan Khasis: Their typical weather service slowdowns, all that shit are… Are properly, linked.
David Palle: Is the weather provider provide… I know some weather providers out there will provide specific, you know, road risk scores, different combinations of different weather, mean different degradations in road speed. Are we getting that from them, or are we trying to calculate it ourselves?
Dan Khasis: We're trying to calculate ourselves, but I know that this one does have that, we could look into it. I could send you the info if you want to take… spend 30 minutes
Dan Khasis: Smell test it, or contact support, then by all means, you could… Whatever you want.
David Palle: Yeah, feel free to send whatever you have. Yeah, I evaluated a bunch of them when I was at Omnitrax, just seeing what they offered, and even, like, TomTom here offered it, because they were getting it from some of the same vendors.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, there's a legit vendor. I think they had an M&A deal in the last 2 or 3 years, and they're focused exclusively on weather and weather optimization stuff, and…
Dan Khasis: they're real good. So, and they do historical and future. So… and they… and, like, 6 different or 10 different types of…
Dan Khasis: weather attributes.
David Palle: Oh, perfect.
Dan Khasis: The idea is obviously that it would change,
Dan Khasis: the customer would say, look, if it's… for every 10 degrees it gets colder, I want to slow down my service time by, you know, 10% or 30 seconds, for example.
David Palle: Correct, yeah, or fog… fog slows the road.
Dan Khasis: That rules engine we gotta put in at the account level.
David Palle: Yeah. Yep.
Dan Khasis: Or the optimization level.
David Palle: Correct, yeah.
David Palle: Hmm.
Semeyon S: Great.
David Palle: This is really great.
Dan Khasis: Okay, and then, you guys, can you show me the filter quick?
Eugene: The filters? Filters here.
Dan Khasis: There's… so we got… there's now.
Dan Khasis: She can find the…
Eugene: Okay.
Dan Khasis: Dimensional and financial filters are wrong.
David Palle: Okay.
Dan Khasis: No, they're fixed. Yeah. So, batting, you're the first… See you.
Dan Khasis: She could filter now pretty much anything in the scenario.
David Palle: That's great, yeah, so you can just look at one specific route for one specific week.
David Palle: more specific days across weeks. Okay, that's great.
Dan Khasis: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: And then, and then the other big one is in the route snapshot, we have now information about
Dan Khasis: The, we just got more info and more variables and other stuff that they brought… that they put into the system.
Eugene: Yeah, can somebody pick the sharing screen for the snapshot? Because,
Eugene: I don't think I can do it.
Semeyon S: Igor, can you show quickly a snapshot from… strategic optimization.
Dan Khasis: in the Star Wars.
Igor Golovtsov: Yeah.
Semeyon S: It's not complete, because we don't have backend endpoint yet, so it uses, mocked data as well.
Semeyon S: But as soon backend will be ready, we will connect.
Semeyon S: the… endpoint.
Semeyon S: And it, it, it will…
Dan Khasis: Oh, I remember that.
Semeyon S: Then it's quite hard to understand your… your voice completely… completely break down.
David Palle: Yeah, it's choppy, yeah.
Dan Khasis: Do you see the settings yet on his local machine?
Dan Khasis: Or not yet.
Semeyon S: Can you.
Dan Khasis: The routing.
Semeyon S: Settings.
Dan Khasis: The route settings that were used for the scenario simulation?
Dan Khasis: Remember, he had a loading error, the skeleton was frozen?
Semeyon S: it's not on staging yet.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, I'm saying on his local, local, can he show it.
Semeyon S: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Semeyon S: Yeah, Manar Show, please, Applied Settings again.
Manar Kurmanov: One second.
Manar Kurmanov: Here?
Semeyon S: We have only 3 scenarios, so…
Manar Kurmanov: Not much information here.
Manar Kurmanov: It's the second one, max road duration 8 hours, someone created that.
Eugene: We have a tree view here.
Manar Kurmanov: a lot of information. It's coming from the backend, so it's not a… mock data, it's real data.
Manar Kurmanov: Right now, it's an on-staging, so… Maybe.
Manar Kurmanov: not quite great, but I think in production it will be much, much more interesting.
David Palle: This is great, yeah, and this is just a way for them to see what they used.
Manar Kurmanov: Yes.
Manar Kurmanov: When you created the…
David Palle: Yeah.
Manar Kurmanov: Scenarios.
Dan Khasis: And… Yeah, David, no, no, you go ahead. You say it, and then…
David Palle: Yeah, my question was going to be, I know we have a list of scenarios. Before we get into the route levels, we just have a list of scenarios. Will some of the settings be columns that are available to view for the scenarios, so that if I'm looking…
Dan Khasis: That's exactly it, that's why I stopped talking, because you fucking… you beat me to it, exactly right.
Dan Khasis: The comparison, the side-by-side comparisons.
Semeyon S: Yes, we will add, of course.
Manar Kurmanov: We'll add much more information here. Right now, it's a simple one, but I think…
Manar Kurmanov: It's better to have something, right?
Dan Khasis: You remember, David, our objective is to just…
Dan Khasis: is to just completely obliterate the competition. So, it's whatever we learned, but also whatever you could tell us.
Dan Khasis: Did the other guys have this type of comparison shit? I don't know if I've seen it.
David Palle: No, no, not… they… they… they don't. I mean, typically.
David Palle: You can get to these settings, but you have to go inside of the… you have to go inside of the actual profiles.
David Palle: What they might call a strategic pass, or, you know, a routing pass to be able to see the settings.
David Palle: Seeing it easy like this, they won't have.
David Palle: And even at the level that we were talking about, and the list of scenarios or optimizations, they wouldn't have it there. It's typically just a list of, hey, these are the planning sessions, the scenarios that I ran.
Eugene: They wouldn't have some of these applied settings there.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, because it's a pain in the ass to compare. It's like looking at 5 different stocks.
David Palle: Exactly. But for me, I was even talking with, you know, I was talking with Parker and Vlad about this the other day. If I can see that I ran one scenario at max duration 8 hours, another scenario at max duration 10 hours.
David Palle: Another one, max duration, you know, 8 hours.
David Palle: And maybe different number of routes. I did this one at 10 routes, and this one at 11 routes.
David Palle: then very quickly, it becomes really easy to see what all the differences were, you know? Here's why I had less unrouted locations, here's why, you know, this happened.
Dan Khasis: That's exactly right. And we just talked about that at length with the guys. You're totally right.
Dan Khasis: Which brings me to my next question about… about this, And that question is.
Manar Kurmanov: Volvo, can you draw a full screen mode? Because if I want to compare 25 scenarios as columns…
Dan Khasis: It's not gonna fit in this cute little wide thing. I gotta have it. I need a full-screen mode, similar to the spreadsheet we have in Scope.
Dan Khasis: Where… I need to be able to see 20, 30 columns side by side.
Dan Khasis: Easily.
Vova: It is basically the same as… the same table you are using when you are defining scenarios. So, it will be option, option, option, option, option, and scenario, scenario, scenario, and it will be metrics of all options and all scenarios.
Manar Kurmanov: Inside here, right?
Vova: No, no, not here. It will be on upper level, on strategic optimization level, so you will be able to compare settings side by side, here.
Vova: I'll draw it.
Vova: So, this is gonna be a read-only table with all.
Dan Khasis: I think talk to Valyrib Solis, get to look at… the scope…
Dan Khasis: The scope thing that we have over there.
Dan Khasis: inside of Clarify for the spreadsheet view, because that's where we want to see it, as, like, the spreadsheet view. And.
Vova: Okay, I'll… I'll ask.
Vova: Spreadsheet view in… clarify.
Semeyon S: Clarify, clarify a spreadsheet view.
Manar Kurmanov: Okay, any questions?
Manar Kurmanov: Or I can close it.
David Palle: No questions?
Dan Khasis: No, did you notice the service time slowdown was in there?
David Palle: I saw, yeah, I was, yeah, I was.
Dan Khasis: That's a thing that would technically have to change dynamically.
Dan Khasis: Based on… The weather and the other rules.
David Palle: Correct, yeah.
Dan Khasis: Would we show this stuff to Iron Mountain? Since you…
David Palle: I would show them that, yeah. And, I mean, what I would also do, I think, if we can for Iron Mountain, it depends on how the conversation goes.
David Palle: But if we want to buy ourselves more time for some of this to be…
David Palle: all together and ready. We can even try to eat up more time next week just on routing, dispatching, all the asset.
David Palle: you know, facility stuff that's been built in, the organizational hire, you know, everything that they ask for, we can spend time, and then if we want, we can basically say, hey, looks like we might have run out of time to really get deep into strategic planning. We can spend a couple minutes, or we can have another call to really dive into it, and that might buy us more time.
David Palle: Or we can just try to cover it all, but I think we might be able.
Dan Khasis: We do, we'll see what… we'll see how it happens, but I guess let's debate it on our,
Dan Khasis: Yeah, but if it gets done by then, was it, Wednesday?
David Palle: Next Thursday, the 9th.
Dan Khasis: I mean, I feel like they might have this, simone, I think that you guys will have the routes map and the routes table on the… by the Thursday.
Semeyon S: Salon.
Dan Khasis: It's a week from now.
Semeyon S: Yes, it should be ready.
Semeyon S: Before that.
Dan Khasis: What was the two or three other big picture items, David, for Iron Mountain? Because they might overlap with what we did. Can you remind me?
David Palle: Sure, one second, let me… let me just bring it up real quick, so I'm not, misspeaking here.
David Palle: Hold on a second.
David Palle: Sure, where'd it go?
David Palle: Okay, I just opened it up here.
David Palle: You want me to just share it on my screen, Dan, or…
David Palle: Or I can just talk to it, but it was, they did… it was, for them.
David Palle: It was customer locations that I think we can easily handle,
David Palle: product optimization, the demo profiles, which I think will be easy to talk through and show them that exist, the database function, like, you know, in their mind, you know, the ability for the system to be the system of record.
David Palle: You'll be able to show… Drag and drop.
David Palle: is already available, correct? From what I recall?
David Palle: where you can drag a stop on the map to another route, or move things around. I think that was… I think you showed me that a couple weeks ago.
David Palle: Reassigned from one stop to another… from one… sorry, from one route to another.
David Palle: The dispatching, I think, is fine.
David Palle: map data…
David Palle: height, weight-restricted roads, commercial road restrictions. The only thing that we don't do necessarily is… we don't support historic traffic from a vendor like here or others, but…
David Palle: We have weather, which will be nice.
Dan Khasis: I mean, we have its traffic in the sense that Google incorporates, and here.com incorporates the historic traffic in their predictions, so when we query
Dan Khasis: their engine incorporates storm data when planning routes, and when looking at routes. So we say, give me a route for Monday the 13th… Monday, in September, it's gonna know, well, Monday in September, that's… that's, schools… school's in session.
Dan Khasis: This road is always busy, then you do…
David Palle: Oh, so we are getting that from Google, or whoever?
Dan Khasis: Well, we… well, every time we plan a route, we query them, and we… and when we do query them, we get…
Dan Khasis: We could enable, hey, show me how long this route would take with traffic, and then on this exact date, and then they say, here's what it would be, and then we say, thank you, and we store that shit, and then we show it to the customer.
David Palle: Oh, god, okay, okay, got it, got it, okay.
David Palle: Okay, so it's a yes, then, so it is a yes, okay.
Dan Khasis: They just have to enable it in that when they go… the time calculation method is time with traffic instead of just time.
David Palle: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. The one thing, and you know, we do telematics integrations, we can do the strategic planning solution.
David Palle: I think, you know, like, we've come really far so far, and even if it's not fully there, I think it'll hopefully be enough to,
David Palle: To show them just how much has been built in a short amount of time, and how much further it's gonna go. And it already has things that some of the competition doesn't have, like you were pointing out.
David Palle: The bigger gap, I think, is gonna be map edits, which is… It's him, but what?
Dan Khasis: It's in progress, so Igor, are you here with us? Still with us?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yep.
Dan Khasis: Igor says… Igor and I talked about this already, we're get…
Dan Khasis: See, our main JavaScript guy's not on the call with us this second, but… Here's what we're thinking.
Dan Khasis: David, so they… you can… we can… we can click…
Dan Khasis: up to… what was it, Igor? 200, 300, or something? Segments?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we have a limit for 250, I still remember.
Dan Khasis: We could pass in 250… 250 segments.
Dan Khasis: into the…
Dan Khasis: Into our route… into the… our routing engine. And what a segment is, is basically a link on a road.
David Palle: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dan Khasis: If you tell us, like, look, I need… XYZ, and I needed,
Dan Khasis: then the system will do that. It'll… you can pass in 250 individual road segments into that, and we will honor that as an avoidance zone.
Dan Khasis: So, we're gonna…
David Palle: Yeah, so you're talking about an avoidance zone. What I'm talking.
Dan Khasis: No, no, no.
David Palle: Wow, okay.
Dan Khasis: An avoidance road, an avoidance segment, so let's just do what?
Dan Khasis: What's the biggest bridge in your… in Maryland, next to where you live?
David Palle: The… the Key Bridge, probably.
Dan Khasis: Okay, the Key Bridge. So…
Dan Khasis: If we were to put… and if we were gonna put… the Key Bridge has, let's say, 2 roads going in, 2 roads going out.
Dan Khasis: So we were gonna put… something there. What we would do is,
Dan Khasis: We would basically click on the road right before the bridge.
Dan Khasis: And what we would then do is we would…
Dan Khasis: basically put a red… strike it out, like, call it a red line, or whatever you want to call it. The ship would glow red. They would persistently store.
Dan Khasis: And then, that's it. No routes would be permitted to ever go through that road, because that road segment, we've effectively deleted it off the map.
David Palle: Correct, and yeah, so that's more restricting travel on a road. What I was talking about is similar, but maybe a little bit different.
David Palle: I have some examples of it here, but here's one. This is the same presentation I showed you yesterday, just briefly, but you're talking about this, you're talking about restricting travel.
David Palle: So how can I make sure that certain vehicles don't pass on specific roads, so I can block this road like you're talking about, and now it doesn't go that way, now it goes on this road? That's what you're talking about. What… the other thing that… that…
David Palle: Omnitrex could do that we… Brian and I were saying Iron Mountain might want.
David Palle: There's the ability to get into the map itself.
David Palle: And this is what RoadNet would take the map from whoever, any one of the, you know, two dozen vendors, and convert it to their own proprietary format.
David Palle: And then once it was in their proprietary format, they could change address ranges, they could change road names, they could change the road class, and with the road class, the speed changed, they could change the speed manually, they could even go in here and change the geometry.
David Palle: So they could go into this specific segment.
David Palle: you know, change shape, and then they could modify the geometry, or they could just add a completely new road. A road doesn't exist here… a road isn't here in the digital maps, but it exists in real life.
David Palle: So then I go in here, and when I'm in changing shape, I start adding the road, and I start adding the geometry of the road.
David Palle: And I can add all the address range information, the road name, the type of road, all that stuff. You could even change whether a street was
David Palle: what you were talking about was disabling a road. I could change a road to one way, or leave it two-way, or loadable… loadable means that a…
David Palle: vehicle can come off the side of it, like here, and go onto the road. If it's not loadable.
David Palle: Then a vehicle can travel on the road, but it can't hop off of that road to service and account on that road.
Dan Khasis: So.
David Palle: Highway would be a good example of that.
Dan Khasis: Igor.
David Palle: This is more of, like, the idea that Brian and I were talking about, and then they could get into the actual nodes. So all the nodes that connect to segments could be modified even. So for every node, there's a possibility of, you know, multiple different turns, obviously.
David Palle: Depending on which direction you're traveling. And then here, you could restrict it, or you could assign a penalty for, like, left turns could all be assigned a penalty globally, or just in a specific segment.
David Palle: So, not every… here's the thing, not every fleet needs this, but…
David Palle: But for the large enterprises, like, you know, Iron Mountain, you know, the U.S. Foods, Cisco's, and all of them, a lot of them… a lot of them will go down this route.
David Palle: And companies that do a lot of residential deliveries, like Nestle Waters in the past, which is now, Ready Refresh, you know, Blue Triton Primo, all those companies that do a lot of residential deliveries.
David Palle: It doesn't matter who it is, Apple Maps, Google Maps here, TomTom, none of them can keep up with adding roads for new, housing developments fast enough.
David Palle: So, what those fleets will do is they'll go in here, and they'll add the roads themselves, because they need to deliver to them. They need to deliver to them for 3, 6, 9 months a year before Google, Apple, or anyone adds them.
David Palle: So then they add them themselves so that they can plan for them and navigate to them.
Dan Khasis: Okay, but I… Igor, Igor, the…
Dan Khasis: let's just pretend we wanted to do this inefficiently. Isn't this basically us going in
Dan Khasis: And letting anyone edit what's inside of Pre5, and then they could have their own ver… their own…
Dan Khasis: pre-five customize the instance, and we could just query it for that account. Isn't it the same shit?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, but it's not easy to make, because it's hard to change the existing frame.
Dan Khasis: I've seen the free open source… I've seen free open source OSRM modifiers, for OpenStreetMaps that you can go in and…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: We can do it, yes, and there are a lot of tools for this, but,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: if they need a real-time update, we are not ready to make it, yes, but… but we can, we can see, and we can check how long it will… it will take. But you're right that we can make a different instance for, specifically for customer, and run specifically,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: small map for region, for, stage, Sure.
Dan Khasis: We would just charge,
Dan Khasis: extra money to run that instance, David, but… but that would be… but it'd be theirs, and they'd do whatever the hell they wanted.
David Palle: Yeah, that's… I mean, it's essentially what RoadNet did, they just had different map databases, you know, one main… one main map version that served as the master, and then they just created different instances for different customers.
Dan Khasis: Well, we could… well, we have… I know here.com and Google give you the ability to make some small changes.
David Palle: They… well, they do, they do, and they, and, I mean, you know, here in… TomTom releases new map updates every week, here every two weeks.
David Palle: But yes, both of them have tools themselves that allow you to recommend changes and or make changes, similar to OpenStreetMaps.
David Palle: One of the… one of the things that we had even talked about at Omnitrax, you know, was…
David Palle: you know, you're doing it differently than Omnitrax said, where Omnitrax was only updating the maps every quarter. You're… I believe you're hitting, you know, live maps today via API, so that you're always hitting live… like, you're always hitting the newest version of whatever your provider's providing you, which Omnitrax wasn't doing it, they were only doing it every quarter.
David Palle: But one of the things that we had talked about at Omnitrax as well was, if somebody was making a change.
David Palle: If… if I'm Iron Mountain, and you work at Cisco, and I trust you, Dan, because you're just as detail-oriented as I am, maybe I want to benefit from your changes. So one of the things that we had talked about was the ability for customers to see the changes that other customers have made, if they want to share them, and if they want to accept them.
David Palle: And then, you know, if I'm focusing on Maryland and you're focusing on Florida.
David Palle: then you can accept my Maryland changes, and I could accept your Florida changes, and now we both have more up-to-date information for new developments that we're both serving without having to do the work ourselves to add roads or modify things, or things like that.
David Palle: That's… that's going down a whole.
Dan Khasis: Sounds like enterprise map crowdsourcing.
David Palle: Yes, exactly, 100%, exactly.
David Palle: Exactly.
Dan Khasis: We could do that, too, it's not a problem. As long as… what we need to do is get Volvo to draw… to take some of the open source editors.
Dan Khasis: make it look like our style, and then present it to… on the road… as a sales tool on the roadmap. And if people want to get it.
Dan Khasis: Then we'll just deploy it, because it's not… it's… And that's it.
David Palle: Yeah, and we could… I mean, we could verify, you know, we could validate interest and things like that, too, when we're engaging with some of these fleets, you know, to make sure it makes sense. I… I mean, just from past experience, I recall there being interest, but we… before we get on the path of doing it.
David Palle: we can validate, you know, the interest for a crowdsource piece, but the map edit piece, at a minimum, I know is needed by the largest fleets.
David Palle: The crowdsourcing piece, Pinterest from some, not all, but, you know…
David Palle: But it's, you know, it's a… it would be a different.
Dan Khasis: We can easily edit that thing, for sure. There's a ton of open source tools that do it.
David Palle: Yeah.
David Palle: Nope.
Dan Khasis: Okay, what… anything else? Any other big stuff we need for Iron Mountain that we might have already done this week… in this week's release?
David Palle: Besides.
Dan Khasis: There's a menu change, and I was adding the word database.
David Palle: Yeah, besides that, yeah, besides that, I would say, I don't… I don't think so.
David Palle: I'm just trying to go through this list again. So, facility, facility types, locations, we have the database piece, we have the asset locations.
Dan Khasis: We don't have asset locations yet, we… but Igor, I don't think we're gonna get Simone assets…
Dan Khasis: copy and paste it on production by Thursday, are we?
Dan Khasis: Maybe on staging.
Dan Khasis: We could get something on staging, maybe? I don't know.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: get on staging, but, it could be, or mocking data, or, super simple, I don't know, API or pages.
David Palle: Gotcha.
Dan Khasis: As long as we could show a list.
Dan Khasis: What, do they actually do some sort of asset management, though?
David Palle: Today they don't, but… So today they don't, but the use cases…
David Palle: But use case-wise, they… they do have multiple…
David Palle: Within large locations like hospitals, universities, or buildings, they'll have multiple collection boxes that require servicing when they're doing shredding pickup.
Dan Khasis: So we support that through… we support that through nested hierarchical customer locations.
Dan Khasis: Which that you could say, this is my location of the hospital, and then in it, I have a sub-location, and you can have as many sub-locations as you want.
David Palle: Correct, so that's what I would maybe show then, I guess, is the nested, nested location, so,
David Palle: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, we have that.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
David Palle: But which I would show that, I would definitely show that, because that'll be of interest to them.
David Palle: Yeah, Brian and I were putting this list together yesterday, and I'm…
David Palle: Trying to think of anything else that's…
David Palle: That's notable for you to maybe just kind of know or use here.
Dan Khasis: Milan, is there anything else on your side?
Dan Khasis: That we… that we released this week, Simone?
Dan Khasis: That you think is interesting enough that we would want to show this or the other clients?
Dan Khasis: We did… I… because we only talked about strategic, we didn't talk about anything else or no.
Semeyon S: We… I think it, it's worth to look at facility snapshot right now.
Dan Khasis: Okay, let's do it.
Semeyon S: Alexei, can you show us a facility snapshot?
Alexey Gusentsov: Yep.
Alexey Gusentsov: So, should I continue in English, or speech direction?
Dan Khasis: Yeah, English fun.
Alexey Gusentsov: Okay, so, only two moments. The first one with the team tap.
Alexey Gusentsov: That duplicates the team management page fully with the review.
Alexey Gusentsov: And here you can open, and here you can view send routes for this member.
Alexey Gusentsov: So…
Alexey Gusentsov: That's all, and with Configurator. That's all for this tab. If there is no question, we can go to another tab, Custom Locations, about your…
Dan Khasis: It shows you all the team members that are linked to this facility.
Alexey Gusentsov: Let's see, yep, yep, yep, you can, you can check this, here.
Vova: What is it?
Vova: here is, calculations on all these drivers. They are executing routes within this facility. We need to show counts of customers, locations, and routes this driver executed.
Vova: Within this facility, for this time range.
Dan Khasis: This is not a metric screen, this is a hierarchical relationship screen. The metrics and KPIs go elsewhere.
Vova: But it is a relevant, I believe, in context of facilities.
Vova: To, to see, these are employees…
Dan Khasis: The problem is, is that we can't…
Dan Khasis: We're not gonna create 5 new APIs and core… architecture changes, Just to add that thing.
Vova: Because this is a standard API that they plugged and played.
Dan Khasis: what you're asking for is weeks or months of development work. What we need to do is embed it from Business Insights.
Dan Khasis: From the other places, and where we have the counts and metrics by object type.
Vova: I see.
Alexey Gusentsov: So, let's move next, and the second tab is customer locations. You asked about to add the grouping or filter by customer name, so we add filter and grouping too. So, here you can see the customer locations, and grouping by customer name for easier searching.
Dan Khasis: So for Iron Mountain, David, this is… so you have 50 facilities, these are all the customers you're servicing out of this facility?
David Palle: Yeah, no, this is great. Yep.
Alexey Gusentsov: And you can filter by customer name if you want.
Dan Khasis: The only thing is, is that…
Dan Khasis: You see the grouping? It's grouping by customer, so if a customer has multiple sub-locations or multiple locations, it would group that way.
David Palle: And could, I didn't see it when he was clicking through, is it…
David Palle: would it have to be an exact customer name, or would it be like a… almost like a Boolean search, where if I just start typing up a specific customer name…
Alexey Gusentsov: If you search typing, I think it will be work. Yep.
David Palle: Okay.
David Palle: Alright.
David Palle: So anything with… yeah, okay, perfect.
Dan Khasis: It's autocomplete.
David Palle: Yeah, yep.
David Palle: Great. That's great.
Alexey Gusentsov: Hmm, that's all for my side.
Alexey Gusentsov: Any questions?
Semeyon S: No, that's…
David Palle: really good.
Semeyon S: Is it ready for production, from your point of view?
Alexey Gusentsov: From mine?
Semeyon S: Yeah.
Alexey Gusentsov: it's ready to deploy in stage, because for now, it's local development. So, I'm just moving the big users page into the framework, so it should… so it will be the same page as here and here. Oh, sorry.
Dan Khasis: Can I make a few small suggestions?
Dan Khasis: It would be convenient for me to, if I'm looking at a customer location.
Dan Khasis: It would be… by the way, orders is here too, David, important. Orders can be attributed to the facility servicing it, or the facility that has that inventory that is going into that.
David Palle: Mmm.
Dan Khasis: The orders is here as well, so this is basically all the outstanding orders in that facility, synced from your OMS or whatever.
David Palle: How would I know whether it's holding the product or not via a filter, or…
Dan Khasis: Well, this is not so much inventory, it's more of, like, an abstract concept in that…
Dan Khasis: If that order, if it was a hypothetical inventory type of service.
Dan Khasis: Then we'd have to trust that your source system sent to us then.
David Palle: Correct information. Okay.
Dan Khasis: with the correct information. Eventually, as… if we do sync with the WMS,
Dan Khasis: And we could probably run some extra intelligence on it.
David Palle: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: And then the one other thing is, the order has a type, so if the… every… do we have a column here, guys, for the order type? Because one could be a service.
Dan Khasis: One could be a delivery, so the…
Dan Khasis: If the type is a service, then it doesn't matter. If the type is a delivery, then maybe it does matter, and then that's when we start
Dan Khasis: Selling the whole inventory.
Dan Khasis: thing, like, you posting on your LinkedIn about too much inventory, too little inventory, whatever, well…
David Palle: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: That stuff, now you could potentially… somehow…
Dan Khasis: process, but one feedback I was gonna say to you guys.
Dan Khasis: both on the orders screen, and the customer location screen, and the route screen, and the team screen. It would be nice to have a mini menu where I could click on it.
Dan Khasis: And I could either… and I could reassign to another facility from inside the list, so that…
Dan Khasis: If I wanted to change the facility fulfilling that order, or if I wanted to reassign the driver to another facility, I don't want to go leave the screen, like, hey, I found something I don't like, let me click on it.
David Palle: Hmm.
Dan Khasis: and then let me reassign it to another facility. And it's the same thing if I'm in the region, if I see a list of the stuff in the region, let me click on it and relink the primary.
Dan Khasis: thing. Now, facilities have two… you are one-to-many, so you could have one object, it can be linked to multiple facilities.
Dan Khasis: So, in our case, what we could do is… We could take the.
Alexey Gusentsov: Probably we can take the assign facility button.
Alexey Gusentsov: And, like, in routes.
Alexey Gusentsov: Nothing else. I've worked with… like a sand driver, I mean.
Alexey Gusentsov: We have a button. We…
Semeyon S: Waste.
Vova: And about bulk actions, so we need some checkboxes here, and…
Dan Khasis: But it could be even in version 1, not even bulk, where it's like, hey, this item, I don't like it here, let me move it. You click on it.
Dan Khasis: And you can reassign the facility. I mean, you might as well just add another… another… the same… the same button you have, right? You have another button for assigning
Dan Khasis: facility.
Vova: Implementation, I believe, is a context menu, so you can right-click on any row and do something.
Dan Khasis: You could do the context menu, but you could also do assign… you could check the same button you have for assigned facility and routes. The same button you have for assigned facility and locations.
Dan Khasis: You could do the same, the same here.
Dan Khasis: If you wanted to, because then you don't have to invent anything new, you already have it.
Dan Khasis: The one thing that… are we missing customers here? Shouldn't we have customers here as well?
Vova: Yes, we are missing customers, and we are missing summary.
Dan Khasis: Summary's not ready yet. That's why it's not there.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: It's the same for vehicle, we need to add vehicles, too.
Vova: Yeah, vehicles.
Dan Khasis: Well, this is good enough to go live with, so go live with this, and then add the other shit.
Alexey Gusentsov: Okay, tomorrow it will be staged, tomorrow morning, I think, and if everything will be done, so we'll release it next week, Monday.
Alexey Gusentsov: I think that's just my… Prediction on it.
Dan Khasis: Okay? Monday, Tuesday, whatever, just do it before Thursday.
Alexey Gusentsov: Okay, that's all from my side. Thank you.
Semeyon S: Alexei, do we have anything else, alexei, I mean…
Alexey Afanasiev: That is all…
Vova: Nothing else, I really want to share something while David is here, in case of some opinions.
Vova: This is a summary.
Vova: of a scenario in Strategic Planner.
David Palle: Oh, wow.
Vova: So, what it does, it shows some basic stats on the top.
Vova: how…
Vova: totals in this scenario, and also it shows a couple of breakdowns by different aspects. So, you can see breakdown rows by distance.
Vova: long roads, short roads, and so on, total roads. You can see the breakdown by duration, short roads, or long roads. You can see routes by destination count.
Vova: Time distribution by activity type, traveling, waiting, breaks.
Vova: Vehicle utilization… a long time.
Vova: break down… By weekdays, so you can see busy weekdays and free weekdays.
Vova: You can see distribution of routes by week.
Vova: Weeks… busy weeks and empty weeks.
Vova: And… whatever else we need here, I'm…
Vova: Welcome for ideas. Do you think this is useful?
David Palle: Definitely, yeah.
David Palle: And this is more than most… this is more than most people… even if some people provide some of this information, it's all tabular, not in a graphic format like this, so this summary dashboard view is really, really great.
David Palle: there's a couple other metrics I might add that sometimes people look at,
David Palle: We know what our costs are, I don't think I saw…
David Palle: I don't think I saw cost information.
David Palle: But knowing what the cost is, I think, would be good.
David Palle: And then, like, similar metrics, but around the cost, and then a lot of times.
David Palle: when I was doing routing and doing a baseline comparison against the optimized solution, I was looking at cost as a percent of sales.
David Palle: But not just… not just, you know, let's say my… my destinations are the same, my routes might… may or may not be different, the duration might be different, total distance might be different, cost.
David Palle: You know, would be different, revenue would be the same.
David Palle: I might look at my cost as a percent of sales as a whole, and individually at a route level.
David Palle: And then when I'm looking at the comparison of the scenarios.
David Palle: scenario by scenario, not just in the individual view, but when I'm looking at the scenarios, I might look and say, okay, my cost as a percent of sales is…
David Palle: 15% versus 18%, so I just took 3% off… 3% of the, you know, cost off.
David Palle: through the optimization, that I did.
Vova: and basically divide this by 6. Yes, exactly, yeah.
David Palle: And you can do that at the individual route level, but then also at the scenario level.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, but the problem is, is that you don't know…
Dan Khasis: You don't know what to trust to build your cost basis. What are you… how are we supposed to know that?
Dan Khasis: Like, is it per stop? Is it per hour? Is it per… I know for the old one we can, but if you're gonna build it correctly, how do you know for the new one? Is it per mile?
Dan Khasis: Is it for the new owner?
David Palle: be making sure… it would be making sure that we're accounting for all of it, and I think I might have… might have sent some feedback on this in a thread, but…
David Palle: One of the things that… that was,
David Palle: One of the things that we could account for in RoadNet was a couple more cost dimensions.
David Palle: That made sure that… You know, almost all of the typical fixed and variable costs
David Palle: Cost metrics were… were captured.
David Palle: And then that just ensured that,
David Palle: that ensured that when we were looking at, and I can… let me share my screen really quickly here,
David Palle: And then we gotta get ready for that other call in a couple minutes, but share screen.
David Palle: Let's see here…
Dan Khasis: We have… we could track costs at the stop level, the driver level, the hour level.
David Palle: Correct, but some of what we're missing… some of what we're missing… I think we're missing a couple fields that I remember seeing.
Dan Khasis: We're missing a lot of stuff.
David Palle: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: We're missing a lot of stuff. We're mixing the… just the route cost, which is like, hey, this is my cost per route, I don't… no matter what.
David Palle: Yeah, and I think, I think what I saw, like, I think what I saw is we can do, like, an hourly rate, and we can do a distance rate, but the distance rate doesn't differentiate distance rate for a worker versus a vehicle. It's just a distance rate, I believe.
David Palle: and route for me. Whereas… whereas with RoadNet and some other solutions, but let's just use RoadNet as the example.
David Palle: You could have a regular rate, an overtime rate, a per stop rate, a distance rate, And even a…
David Palle: A per… a per size over minimum, so anytime you get above a certain minimum.
David Palle: You know, in a quantity, a delivery quantity, then they get paid, you know, and then you could even determine when the overtime hours begin, 8 hours, 9 hours, whatever it might be.
David Palle: And then on the vehicle side, it was similar.
David Palle: Let me see the…
Dan Khasis: We have, 70% of what we need. We don't have…
David Palle: Yeah, I agree. We have 70-80% of what we need, and then on the vehicle side, it was fixed cost.
David Palle: Because even when the vehicle's sitting, you're still paying for it. I'm still paying a lease, or it's depreciating, so I might be paying… I'm making this up, $150 a day, right?
David Palle: So even when it's sitting, I'm paying for the vehicle to sit, and then my variable cost is my cost per mile, which is cost for fuel, plus cost for repair and maintenance. So, at this point.
David Palle: You know, we can't figure this out for them. They need to enter their own shit in here.
David Palle: The fields are at least available, and we're separating variable cost for the worker versus variable cost for the… for the vehicle.
David Palle: And in this instance, there might not be a variable cost for the worker. The worker might not have a variable cost.
David Palle: If he's a driver, unless he's getting paid per mile, the worker might not have that. The vehicle itself is incurring a variable cost.
David Palle: So it's just kind of separating it out.
David Palle: And then sometimes, some vehicles might have hourly costs, so this was just kind of accounting for… accounting for some of that.
David Palle: But then it was the combination of all these things coming together in the scenarios, you know, or in routing, because these fields were the same in routing or for strategic optimizations, that's what added up to the total cost.
David Palle: And then that's what allowed people to do that, that kind of pre-post, comparison.
Vova: This all sounds great, but…
Dan Khasis: Tell us the roadmap. What was the roadmap?
Dan Khasis: Simone, what's the roadmap for the release by… for next Thursday?
Dan Khasis: For the strategic… obviously the bug fixes, but then the strategic route plan, or what… the map?
Dan Khasis: the filter…
Semeyon S: So, we must add, filters, about, weekdays and days for, destination, for visits.
Semeyon S: Map for, locations.
Semeyon S: Map for, destinations, for routes inside the scenario.
Semeyon S: draft snapshots, I mean, for inside strategic, systems, bug fixes, etc, facility snapshot,
Semeyon S: new facility snapshot.
Semeyon S: Just thinking, did I miss something else?
Semeyon S: Alexei Fanas, did I miss something else, or… that's it?
Semeyon S: It's our plan, basically, for the week.
David Palle: I can send you this file too, Dan, but this is an example of an Excel file I built just when I was doing scenario planning using their tool.
David Palle: Where I basically just pasted some information, and then the rest calculated out.
David Palle: A lot of times, we would look at, like, you know, miles per stop, cases per stop, dollars per stop, dollars per square mile, stops per square mile. So what I was talking about, like, you know, a route cost per stop, or route cost as a percent of sales, so route by route, I could see what the call… what routes
David Palle: were generally more expensive to run than others, so some routes were 4%, other routes were 12, 15%.
David Palle: And then I could compare it against each other.
David Palle: And again, this is all in Excel, because some of the nice inputs and all that weren't built in, but then I could look very quickly and say, okay, you know, pre-post, you know, 7.3% cost of the percent of sales versus 7.4%.
David Palle: And in this instance, you could see, you know, how things were changing. And sometimes you're adding routes, and sometimes your costs do increase.
David Palle: But it was very easy to kind of see these cost, you know, these cost differences, you know, how things were increasing. And here, I would even break it out. Knowing what fixed costs were, you know, I would look at, you know, hey, depreciation, titration, fuel, repair, maintenance. That was me just breaking it out and calculating it separately.
David Palle: Just to try to get some, you know, some easier comparison side-by-side between the different scenarios.
David Palle: I have to drop here for the trans cold call, but I can send this off to you later.
David Palle: Okay, there's a few small things for the strategic.
Dan Khasis: that… We need to… that we need to do, Simone, also, that,
Dan Khasis: Let me think about it, and I'll tell you, but I think the main one was the preview and the route consistency metric.
Dan Khasis: Gotta look at the route consistency metric.
Dan Khasis: We gotta get to a gate, and…
Dan Khasis: And Igor to help us with that.
Semeyon S: Yeah, and if it will be, controlled by the same switcher from front-end, it will… will work automatically, basically. Also…
Semeyon S: we must finish a routed-unrouted issue, but I believe it will be resolved soon, too.
Dan Khasis: The main thing for recurring is… is, the mapping…
Dan Khasis: I think once the mapping shows up.
Dan Khasis: And I would say the highest priority in the mapping is showing the list of the routes. The routes are showing the polyline is totally pointless if you don't show the list of the routes at the same time next to the polyline.
Semeyon S: Agree.
Dan Khasis: point.
Semeyon S: And I think it's pretty simple to add a list of routes, because we already.
Dan Khasis: Is it already happen?
Semeyon S: Yeah, we have the same list for orders on routes, and in a couple on… in a couple of other places.
Dan Khasis: So, it's basically copy and paste and connect existing…
Semeyon S: endpoints.
Dan Khasis: Exactly.
Semeyon S: I will,
Semeyon S: Well, I think Evgeny will add it quickly. I'll ask him to do it tomorrow and prepare tickets for that, my morning. I hope it will be pretty quick.
Dan Khasis: I think I'll be fine.
Alexey Afanasiev: Okay, let's discuss one.
Alexey Afanasiev: One small thing about… we have a problem with naming.
Alexey Afanasiev: So, here is, upload locations, yes.
Alexey Afanasiev: And we need to show here the custom allocation layer.
Alexey Afanasiev: And they have the same name.
Alexey Afanasiev: Right now.
Alexey Afanasiev: So, Jen, what do you think?
Alexey Afanasiev: Dun.
Dan Khasis: Cassie shows up, plus…
Alexey Afanasiev: We don't provide it to assets, but also provide it to the… questions, though.
Dan Khasis: It's probably a sneaking there.
Alexey Afanasiev: uploaded it. I used to, like.
Dan Khasis: I saw it as a location.
Alexey Afanasiev: Etocatura mais aplodile.
Alexey Afanasiev: At the import location.
Dan Khasis: Okay, I tell them what to… Let's discussing.
Dan Khasis: Niet, neat.
Alexey Afanasiev: Etto y toda, no.
Dan Khasis: Modific silhouette clusters of chair.
Dan Khasis: That's love what?
Dan Khasis: Hitmap.
Dan Khasis: pod menu, pod… Port, facilities, port locations, port assets, pod… vehicles.
Dan Khasis: Hit the map.
Dan Khasis: With the live charted materials 36 locations.
Alexey Afanasiev: customer location administure?
Dan Khasis: Etta.
Vova: Strategic Optimizade. Strategic optimization subset location… I told you about subset.
Dan Khasis: I need some glasses.
Vova: Yeah, pay cuts, yeah.
Dan Khasis: The highness of Glossium, said to me.
Dan Khasis: Yes, yesterday, this tweeting, like, yesterday. They might be badly made.
Dan Khasis: Dvati part.
Alexey Afanasiev: books.
Dan Khasis: of what…
Alexey Afanasiev: I thought…
Semeyon S: pastaivit locations.
Semeyon S: customer locations.
Semeyon S: aftamatam.
Semeyon S: budget.
Vova: How much…
Alexey Afanasiev: Dave, what the…
Vova: Yeah, it'.
Semeyon S: No estil no proceda.
Vova: Yeah, I'm… Fun.
Vova: ktabliece.
Vova: en.
Semeyon S: glyce.
Alexey Afanasiev: Pakar Lichit, Pakar's legit.
Alexey Afanasiev: Hmm.
Alexey Afanasiev: Notebookie.
Alexey Afanasiev: Mutagdochio.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: Scrolling over there.
Semeyon S: by SIBA.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Ref, simple.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: More commonly.